
Privacy Policy
==============

Last updated: June 21, 2020

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.


Interpretation and Definitions
==============================

Interpretation
--------------

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

Definitions
-----------

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

*   **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
    
*   **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Evaly Helper.
    
*   **Affiliate** means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
    
*   **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
    
*   **Website** refers to Evaly Helper, accessible from [https://github.com/shahriar-shojib/evaly-helper-extension](https://github.com/shahriar-shojib/evaly-helper-extension)
    
*   **Service** refers to the Website.
    
*   **Country** refers to: Bangladesh
    
*   **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
    
*   **Third-party Social Media Service** refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.
    
*   **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
    
*   **Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
    
*   **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
    
*   **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
    

Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
=======================================

Types of Data Collected
-----------------------

### Personal Data

We do not collect any data from you. No user data is sent to any servers.
All the network requests are made to api.evaly.com.bd which is the owner of the data that is being displayed inside the extension. This extension does not provide any warranty of evaly collecting any user data. For information about evaly's privacy policy please visit their website.



### Usage Data

No usage data use collected. No trackers or third party css/js library is being used in the extension.


Retention of Your Personal Data
-------------------------------

The extension reads specific cookie value from your browser (only limited to evaly.com.bd domain) to function properly. Also it stores various information to your browser with a built in secure Data storage api called "Chrome LocalStorage API". This data stays within your browser and the extension's lifecycle and is updated daily in the background.


Disclosure of Your Personal Data
--------------------------------

We do not collect any data, so there is no possibility of disclosing any information. 

Security of Your Personal Data
------------------------------

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.


Contact Us
==========

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

*   By email: shahriar\_shojib@hotmail.com
    
*   By visiting this page on our website: [https://github.com/shahriar-shojib/evaly-helper-extension/issues](https://github.com/shahriar-shojib/evaly-helper-extension/issues)
